Why do I feel like he wants to kill you?
The affairs of the Feng family are significant.
The Emperor has always wanted to weaken the Feng family.
The affairs of the Huang family's high society are really chaotic.
That's how things are.
The madam lost her memory after waking up.
Seeing it with my own eyes truly messed up my mind.
I have already tested the madam.
She indeed doesn't remember anything.
Then
the Linglong Sword
where exactly is it?
I will find a way.
You don't have much time left before the poison acts up.
You should know what to do.
Hey, what's wrong?
He is the Empress's person.
You knew it long ago.
So, he approached me with a purpose.